Um diese Nachricht auf deutsch lesen zu können, geben Sie folgenden Befehl ein
        lang de
Brug følgende kommando for at få denne meddelelse på Dansk
        lang dk
Por legi cxi tiun mesagxon en Esperanto, sendu la ordonon
        lang eo
Para recebir esto mansaje en español, escribe
        lang es
Pour recevoir ce message en français, tapez
        lang fr
Om dit bericht in het Nederlands te ontvangen, type
        lang nl

This is the Major Major mailing list processor.  You can join or
leave mailing lists by sending commands to this e-mail address.
The following commands are recognised.  Note that some of them
might have been disabled by the list owner.  It is legal to send
several commands in the same message.

lang name

    The 'name' in this command should be the code for a language,
    e.g. en for English, fr for French.  If the manager of the
    listserver has enabled support for that language, the
    language will be used for replies to the other commands you
    give following this one.

subscribe listname
subscribe listname <options>

    This is how you subscribe to a list.  If a mailing list
    called 'listname' exists here, and subscriptions to it are
    enabled, this command will add your e-mail address to the list.
    The available options are
        readonly   you can read the list but not post to it;
        writeonly  you can post to the list, but you don't
                     receive the messages;
        digest     instead of receiving list messages as they
                     arrive, you receive a less frequent mailing
                     of messages for the recent past.  The
                     frequency is controlled by the list owner.
                     Note that this will work only if the list
                     manager has enabled archiving of messages
                     for this list.

    Example:     subscribe example-list readonly

    The only combination of options that makes sense is
    'readonly digest'.  Note that a meaningless combination, for
    example 'readonly writeonly', could mean that you are a list
    member who never receives any messages.

    Note 1: Only a list owner may specify the 'writeonly' option.

    Note 2: If you want to change the options, for example by
       switching from being a 'normal' subscriber to a 'digest'
       subscriber, you must first unsubscribe and then subscribe
       again with the new option.

unsubscribe listname

    This is how you remove yourself from a mailing list.

subscribe listname emailaddress
subscribe listname <options> emailaddress

    This is how you subscribe someone else to a list, or subscribe
    yourself under a different e-mail address.  Note: subscribing
    other people without their permission could lead to your being
    banned from this server.  Typically this command is enabled
    only for the list owner.

    The options are the same as in the short-form subscribe.

unsubscribe listname emailaddress

    This is how you remove yourself from a list when your e-mail
    address as recorded on the list is not the same as the e-mail
    address from which you are sending this command.

lists

    This tells you the names of the lists on this server.

index listname

    Lists the files held in the file repository for this list.
    Note that not every list has a file repository.

get listname filename

    Returns a copy of the text file 'filename' from the file
    repository for this list.

which

    This tells you which lists you are already subscribed to.

who listname

    This will return a list of subscribers to a list.

help

    This command will give you a copy of the message you are
    now reading.

end

    This specifies that there are no more commands to follow.
    Alternatively, you can terminate your list of commands with
    a line starting with the '-' character.

To learn more about Major Major, go to
          http://www.pmoylan.org/pages/os2/major.html

